Jswope00/migrate learner docs (#828)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/learners/SFD_google_docs.rst

.. _Google Drive:

#####################################################

> Using Google Files and Calendars in an edX Course

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Google Files and Calendars in Your Course
```

#####################################################

> This topic describes how to work with files and calendars in your edX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to work with files and calendars in your
```

different values in a spreadsheet. However, you cannot save changes that you
make to the Google Drive file.

***********************
Google Calendars
***********************

If your course includes a Google calendar, you see that calendar in the body of
the course. You can also add it to your own Google calendar.

.. image:: /_images/learners/google-calendar.png
  :width: 500
  :alt: A Google calendar in a course.

By default, the view that opens in the course calendar is the view that the
course team set. You can change the view by selecting the **Week**, **Month**,
or **Agenda** tabs in the upper-right corner.

When you view the calendar in your course, the dates and times on the calendar
automatically adjust to your local time. Your time zone information appears in
the lower-left corner of the screen.

=====================================================
Add the Course Calendar to Your Own Calendar
=====================================================

If you have your own Google calendar, you can add the Google calendar from a
course to it. After you add a calendar, you see that calendar whenever you

> view your personal calendar, even if you are not signed in to your edX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
view your personal calendar, even if you are not signed in to your
```
